Dear Drugs-Forum readers: We are a small non-profit that runs one of the most read drug information & addiction help websites in the world. We serve over 4 million readers per month, and have costs like all popular websites: servers, hosting, licenses and software. To protect our independence we do not run ads. We take no government funds. We run on donations which average $25. If everyone reading this would donate $5 then this fund raiser would be done in an hour. If Drugs-Forum is useful to you, take one minute to keep it online another year by donating whatever you can today. Donations are currently not sufficient to pay our bills and keep the site up. Your help is most welcome. Thank you.
Let's hear everyone's opinions!
dt42o added 5 Minutes and 29 Seconds later...
do you guys think marijuana is decent for having sex?
no NIK usually refrains from pot before sex, causes him problems with lift.
lsd , x , methamphetamine are good for all night.
this subject has been covered , use the forums search engine , please. btdta
It's difficult to really choose a best drug for sex because a lot more elements need to be taken into account to achieve what one might consider their best or most enjoyable sexual experience. This can range from factors such as level of arousal, time of day, frequency of last orgasm, intimacy, choice of partner etc.
I guess weed works for SWIM, it delays orgasm and such but low doses of alcohol can be good too. Amphetamines hold a pretty good reputation as well but SWIM's never had sex on any uppers so he can't say.
oral sex swim found was ecstacy on ecstacy (if You get get it up)
gbl fantastic turns You in to a loved up sex maniac
coke while having sex very furfilling sniffing or licking it off each other
love being stoned for sex cause swim can literally go all night
mushrooms was good as swims both couldnt stop laffing at what we were doing and felt so unusual
Drugs are frequently associated with reduced sexual inhibition, both when used voluntarily in social circumstances, and involuntarily, as in the case of some date rape drugs.
Because drug and alcohol use is commonly presented as an excuse for risky or socially unacceptable behaviour, it is necessary to treat the idea of a direct causal relation between drug use and unsafe sex with caution. Drugs may provide a socially acceptable excuse for engaging in sexual behaviours in which people may want to engage but perhaps feel that they should not.
Some forms of sexual dysfunction such as erectile dysfunction can be treated with drugs. Because of their effects, erectile dysfunction drugs are sometimes used for recreational purposes.
Many drugs, both legal and illegal, have side effects that affect the user's sexual function. Tobacco use (e.g., cigarette smoking), also reduces sexual function, with the incidence of impotence being approximately eighty-five percent higher in male smokers compared to non-smokers. Many drugs can cause loss of libido as a side effect.[citation needed]
Since the partial cause of the refractory period is the inhibition of dopamine by an orgasm-induced secretion of prolactin,[3] such potent dopamine receptor agonists as cabergoline may help achieve multiple orgasms as well as the retention of sexual arousal for longer periods.
Drug-based contraception has been available since the development of the contraceptive pill. As well as their contraceptive effects, contraceptive drugs can also have adverse sexual and reproductive side-effects. Prior to the availability of effective contraceptives, some substancies were also used as abortifacients to terminate pregnancy; medical abortion exists as a modern medical practice.
THERE'S A BINARY CHOICE TO MAKE in response to the realization that you're getting older. You can either begin or intensify the contemplation of your own mortality; or you can invoke the only line of Dylan Thomas you can half-remember and start doing things that assert that you won't be shrugging on the cardigan of acquiescence anytime soon. For good or ill, as I barrel toward the big 4-0, I find myself in that latter category. That's why "chemsex" caught my attention.
In this anemic milieu of 2016 -- marked by resurrected mom jeans, apprehended AR bunyips, and meticulously doctored photos of eggs Benedict -- chemsex sticks out like a sore penis: a sore penis being the absolute best-case scenario arising from what Wikipedia defines as: "a subculture of recreational drug users who engage in high risk sexual activities under the influence of drugs within groups."
The page goes on to tell us that chemsex is: usually but not always used by and associated with gay men; typically fueled by methamphetamine, but also mephedrone, GHB, and GBL; usually taking place for many hours or even several days; likely to cause "crystal dick," necessitating the use of erectile dysfunction drugs; credited with the emergence of a new, more virulent form of HIV; known to make enthusiasts more vulnerable to more immediate threats, such as robbery, date rape, or assault by someone whom they meet for sex.
OK, so while I'm all about raging against the dying of the light, this all seems like a bit much. But then I learned that there's another definition of chemsex -- one that sits between the headline-grabbing apocalypto-clusterfuck described above, and "Netflix and chill." I’m talking about two people, hanging out, enhancing their lovemaking with their more mainstream substance of choice. In comparison, it sounded almost quaint.
Of course, combining sex and drugs has been around as long as sex and drugs themselves, long before #chemsex. And for good reason, it would seem. Some people mix drugs with sex simply because it allows their minds to better connect with their bodies, allowing them to feel sex more keenly and have bigger, better, and more orgasms. Others use drugs to become disinhibited enough to have the sex they’d be too ashamed to enjoy sober. (It should come as no surprise that both definitions of chemsex derive from and are more commonly used in the UK: a place in which sex without the use of booze and/or drugs is practically unheard of. Trust me, I'm from there.)
Either way, this is the level of edgy I'm talking about. I texted my showgirl girlfriend Alex to ask if she’d help me with this new assignment. She replied with an emphatic "let's do dis." Then I picked up some weed and cocaine from a couple of friends who tend to have it on hand, and dug up some MDMA capsules I'd acquired in the past year or so and hadn’t had occasion to use. Let's do dis, indeed.